App Store Preview : https://apps.apple.com/in/app/it-contacts-manager/id480094166
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.


 
IT Contacts Manager 4+
Personal CRM for professionals
Volare Technologies Private Limited
Designed for iPhone
 4.5 • 276 Ratings
Free
Offers In-App Purchases
iPhone Screenshots



Description
If “Contacts” are important to you, then this is your MUST HAVE app! A trusted companion for all professionals: sales, marketing, HR, small business owners & everyone!


If “Contacts” are important to you, then “InTouchApp Contacts” is your app! A MUST HAVE app if you are a professional in sales, marketing, human resources, or a small business owner.


A simple to use, yet powerful and FREE app for managing your Contacts network like never before.


REMEMBER EVERYONE

It is tough to remember names & everyone you met. We hear you! Use InTouch as your memory! Simply write a one liner about each contact you save - voila! Not only will you remember who the person is, you can also find the right person when you search.


BUSINESS CARDS

Easily manage paper business cards you get. Just take a pic & we auto-convert them to phone contacts.


DIGITAL BUSINESS CARDS (QR CODE)

Hate carrying business cards? So do we! Use our QR connect to easily connect with others to exchange contact info and share your digital profiles. Let’s save some trees!


EXTENSION TO THE WEB

Use our browser extension to save contacts to your phone directly from any other websites or CRM. Make calls directly from websites using your phone as well.


POWER SEARCH

“Works at Company”, “Live in New York”, “Works as Engineer” - search the way you think to quickly look up the right contacts

“Mike” or “Myke”? “Sophia” or “Sofia”? - no matter how you saved it, get correct results


FREE CHAT & MORE…

Chat for free, make phone calls, share documents, and do more with your contacts right inside the app. All data is safely saved in the cloud, so you access it from any device, anytime! No more manual backups!


AUTO UPDATED CONTACTS

Stay updated with latest information about people. When someone changes their job or moves to a new city, the information is updated automatically for you!


CLEAN & ORGANIZED CONTACTS

Contacts from all your accounts connected to the phone are unified into a single, clean contact list using our powerful de-duplication algorithms. Less clutter, more clarity!


CROSS-PLATFORM SYNC & TRANSFER

If you use multiple phones, easily keep contacts in sync across all you devices - no matter you are using any mobile. If you are moving to an iPhone from any other mobile OS, transfer contacts by simply installing InTouch Contacts app on the old and new phone. This is the easiest and best way to keep contacts in sync across all your devices.


WORKS WITH PHONE CONTACTS

We directly write new contacts to your phone’s contact database. This ensures you always have a copy of contacts with you even if you are offline.


SMART BACKUP & SYNC

We not only backup your contacts, we backup the backups as well! We preserve full change history for each contact as well - ensuring you will never lose any data of your important contacts. Chats, documents, etc., are also saved on the cloud so you can access them anywhere, anytime!


MANAGE CONTACTS FROM PC / MAC

Access all your contacts, chats, documents, etc., online at intouchapp.com. Manage, edit contacts, send messages, share documents, etc., from the comfort of your laptop.


PRIVATE, SECURE & SAFE

Your contacts, the messages, the documents you share, etc., is your most important data. The privacy & security of this data is our highest priority! We will never sell your data to a 3rd party.


UPGRADES

We offer in-app purchases for InTouchApp with additional features. Plan pricing may vary and will depend on your country. You’ll see the total price before completing payment. The amount will be charged to your iTunes account upon confirmation of purchase.


Our subscriptions purchased in-app renew monthly or yearly depending on your plan. To avoid renewal, you must turn off auto-renew at least 24 hours before your subscription ends. You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings.


Learn more at: https://www.intouchapp.com

Twitter: https://twitter.com/intouchapp


Terms of Service: www.intouchapp.com/termsofservice

Privacy Policy: www.intouchapp.com/privacypolicy

What’s New
Version History
24 May 2024 Version 7.88.1
- Multiple bug fixes and performance improvements

Ratings and Reviews
See All
4.5 out of 5
276 Ratings
 
Amrut dalvi
, 
14/09/2017
Mandatory app for all smartphones
Too good, i get my each & every single contact everytime i change/switch my phone

nikita dudhane
, 
13/06/2023
Best
Nice app

Developer Response
, 
Thank you for the encouraging words. Looking forward for your valuable feedback.

more
Lalit jain
, 
03/10/2021
Processing never stops
It’s processing my contacts and it never stops since 5 days. Vicky is in charge of the chat support but even after chatting with him there is no solution to the issue. Fan of the app but now getting irritated because no support

more
Developer Response
, 
Apologies for the inconvenience caused. Please email us at support@intouchapp.com